hey what's going on guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
film eva
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
after a 10-year absence the renowned
cybernetic engineer alex
returns to his hometown on the behest of
the robotic faculty
led by his old mentor he's picked up at
the airport by his brother
who used to be a cybernetic engineer as
well
this is the time when humans live along
with high intelligence robots
some of which are even built with
emotional memory chips
allowing them to behave free style to
some extent
alex visits his old mentor as she
lectures students
in a robotics laboratory when a small
robotic horse continually fails its
tests
it's dismantled repeatedly by students
with a self-destruction code
alex gently admonishes them telling them
that even if they restart the robot
it will never be the same for its
emotional memory that is its soul
has been all destroyed alex's mission
this time to finish the si9
a robot built to resemble a child a
project that alex abandoned prematurely
after years working on it he later
returns to his deceased
father's house in order to complete his
work
the next morning he's wakened up and met
by si7 robot butler
sent to cook and clean for him leaving
the robot butler to do the cleaning
alex drives back to the faculty where he
and the mentor view videos of children
trying to find a suitable child to model
the si9 robot in its emotional
intelligence
but alex considers them all too ordinary
they would only make an
ordinary robot modeled from them before
he leaves the faculty
he happens to take the lecture of his
old lover lana who's given up
researching to teach
lana surprised a little bit by the
sudden arrival of the man she's never
seen for almost 10 years
they just show some polite greetings to
each other on his driving home
alex's attention is caught by an unusual
girl in red
playing the snow along the street alex
then strikes up a conversation with the
girl eva
who seems not timid at all towards such
a strange guy
but rather teasingly calls him a pervert
he then takes a video of her before she
leaves
believing that he might have found
someone unique
when arriving home alex admires the
housework done by the robot butler
who however is startled and frustrated
by alex's robot cat
when it doesn't listen to commands alex
tells him that it is a free robot
with illegal programming that allows it
to behave with a free mind
trying to avoid any troubles alex lowers
down the butler's sensitivity level
he then turns to test a small robot with
a set of emotional personalities
observes and takes record of its
detailed reactions
but right when alex is interrupted by a
phone call the robot gets panicked by a
burning cigarette
and loses control without any choice
alex has to shut down for good
that night alex is invited to visit his
brother for dinner
alex is surprised to discover that eva
is actually lana's child
who's talkative and naughty at the table
and seems to make him feel
easier at the brother's home where he's
quite embarrassed at the beginning by
the situation
atlanta who's originally in a
relationship with him but later got
married to his brother
after he left the town 10 years ago alex
keeps watching the video of eva
taken during the dinner is attracted so
much by eva's unique personality
considering her the right girl to model
the si9 in emotional recognition
while at the same time alex seems unable
to hide his true feelings about lana
the next day morning alex is wakened up
by some knocking noises from the rooftop
he finds it's the naughty eva who
receives a warm welcome from the butler
alex then tries to persuade her to join
the si9 modeling
eva however feels bored by the emotion
collection process
she instead advises alex to raise the
robot's self-awareness emotional level
which seems to amuse eva much more
later that night during a bath iga asks
lana about
alex but lana just tells her to stay
away from him
and later demands alex not to get even
involved in his project
the mentor to alex's surprise also
doesn't want even to be in the si9
project
for she believes that it should be
modeled after a boy not a girl
and warns alex against the negative
emotional side effects of the change
with that being said alex tries to turn
his attention
away from eva who however begins to play
naughty on him
and demands that his next robot should
be modeled after her
trying to keep it secret they go ice
skating and hiking
while alex keeps collecting her emotions
eva also discovers his lingering
feelings about lana
the other day alex turns to experiment
on the si9 robot
with his new emotion programs it
functions seemingly well at the
beginning
but due to its high self-awareness
programming it becomes hostile to alex
after he laughs at it in the same way
eva became upset
it throws a chisel at him in a fury alex
has to say the self-destruction code to
it again
causing it to die along with all of his
work on it
the frustrated alex later goes to the
graduation party
where he invites lena for a slow dance
experiencing the same feelings as ever
from his old lover
but much to the annoyance of his brother
who just leaves
lena then takes alex with her to look
for him outside where alex impulsively
kisses her
lana gets disturbed by the man's rash
kiss and runs off
while the brother who had seen the kiss
however punches alex down in his face
and tells him that he already abandoned
lana once he should leave her alone
back home and frustrated alex turns up
the emotional level of the butler
who actually gives him a warm but
brotherhood hug
the disappointed alex tells the mentor
that he's gonna quit the project
while the mentor accuses him of leaving
another project half finished
he also visits eva to tell her that he
is leaving upsetting her much though
back at his house alex is visited by
lena who tells him that she doesn't want
him to leave
they kiss but without the hormone let go
lana begins to tell some secrets unknown
to alex eva approaches to see them
through the lab's glass roof
and happens to know what lana's talking
about frightened by their conversation
either runs off in a panic lana pursues
her
but tells alex to stay for her return
moments later she finds eva unconscious
in the snow by the cliff
lana soon slices her skin on the back
and opens up a panel
revealing that eva is actually a robot
their half-finished product on the si
9 10 years ago lana replaces an energy
bar into eva's back
and eva regains consciousness but eva is
still frightened
and hostile to the truth when lana tries
to grab her
eva pushes her away which makes lana
falls off the side of the cliff
the panic diva then returns to alex's
house alone
and faints into his arms that night
after a phone call from his brother
alex rushes to the hospital with eva
arriving just minutes before lana dies
the following day the mentor visits alex
telling him that lana finished the
former si9 project after he left
but eva could not pass the security test
and thus wasn't considered safe enough
to use
despite that lena insisted on keeping
eva
due to her cause of lana's death eva
cannot continue to live
she will kill her putting an end to that
unfinished project
alex however tells her he will do it
himself
on the other side eva is caught in deep
sorrow by her mother's death
she confesses her guilt to the butler
who has to comfort this poor little girl
in his robotic way alex takes eva to
skate one last time
standing before an icy overview of the
whole town eva keeps
begging alex to fix her alex however
remains silent to her all the way back
to his house
where the butler welcomes their return
but sits down to the chair slowly
sad and seemingly knowing will happen
next
back into the lab seeing alex shuts down
the instruments
eva quickly realizes that alex can't fix
her
she then lies down peacefully and as one
last request
she asks for a bedtime story with the
story finished
alex holds the frightened eva tightly
before saying the self-destruction code
which ends her programming immediately
alex looks on at the dead evil with
tears
as the bulb of eva's emotional memory
shatters away
the final scene reveals a new memory
bulb in which alex reunites with lana
and eva on a beach
they play in that paradise happily
forever
is daniel cc movie channel bye